README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayDrojas/JayDrojas/main/PokemonBattle.webp' alt='' width='60%'>
</p>

<h2 align="center">
Welcome ! 🧑‍💻🧑‍💻🧑‍💻, My name is Damian !
</h2>

I am from Albuquerque, New mexico. 
  
I am an aspiring and passionate software developer. I love to code, the excitement I get when I have a lead when debugging is exhilarating. The rush of happiness I get when I find the solution is even better. I am also a curious person who enjoys solving problems and creating more intuitive solutions. I am a committed teammate and a patient and great communicator. A few of my favorite programming languages are JavaScript and Python. 

I am fluent in Spanish and English. I also enjoy learning programming languages and frameworks like React and Angular. Some technologies that I have used are React, JavaScript, Python, Express, Flask, PostgreSQL, Node.js, Docker.  
  
My hobbies are soccer, football, video gaming, and tech. 
I enjoy learning new things and I am eager to explore many more technologies that can help benefit me as a software engineer. I hope to one day work on artificial intelligence.

Skills: | JavaScript | React | Node.js | Redux | Python | Flask | PostgreSQL | Sequelize | AWS3 | Docker | SQLAlchemy | Express | CSS | HTML

- <h4> 🔭 I am currently working on a photography website for a client. </h4> 
[Current Website](https://arelygizelphotography.vercel.app)

### Links

[<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg' alt='linkedin' height='40'>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/damian-rojas-076a571b8/)[<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/github.svg' alt='github' height='40'>](https://github.com/JayDrojas)  

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JayDrojas)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->
<!-- ![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JayDrojas&show_icons=true)   -->
<!-- ![GitHub streak stats](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JayDrojas)   -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JayDrojas"/> 
<p>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JayDrojas&show_icons=true"/> <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JayDrojas"/>
</p>

![Profile views](https://gpvc.arturio.dev/JayDrojas)

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated skills
Updated personal introduction and skills section with more concise and relevant information.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayDrojas/JayDrojas/main/PokemonBattle.webp' alt='' width='60%'>
</p>

<h2 align="center">
Welcome ! 🧑‍💻🧑‍💻🧑‍💻, My name is Damian !
</h2>

I’m a Full Stack Software Engineer from Albuquerque, New Mexico, with a passion for building intuitive, scalable solutions. I thrive on problem-solving, whether it’s tracking down a tricky bug or designing a feature from scratch.

I’m naturally curious and enjoy exploring new technologies, frameworks, and approaches to improve workflows and user experiences. Some of my favorite languages and frameworks include JavaScript, Python, React, and Angular. I also have experience with Docker, AWS, Sequelize, and SQLAlchemy, and I’m always excited to learn more. 

Collaboration is important to me, I’m a committed teammate, patient communicator, and enjoy working in environments where I can contribute to shared success. I’m fluent in English and Spanish, and I love combining my technical skills with creativity to build software that makes an impact. Outside of coding, I enjoy soccer, football, video gaming, and exploring new tech trends. My long-term goal is to work on artificial intelligence and cutting-edge software projects that challenge me to grow as an engineer..

Skills:
Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS
Frontend: React, Angular, Redux, Next.js, Chakra UI
Backend / Frameworks: Node.js, Express, Flask, Django, .NET, Spring Boot
Databases: PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Sequelize, SQLAlchemy
Cloud / DevOps: AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, Docker, CI/CD
Other: GraphQL, Apollo, React Hook Forms, Zod

- <h4> 🔭 I am currently working on a photography website for a client. </h4> 
[Current Website](https://arelygizelphotography.vercel.app)

### Links

[<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg' alt='linkedin' height='40'>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/damian-rojas-076a571b8/)[<img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/github.svg' alt='github' height='40'>](https://github.com/JayDrojas)  

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JayDrojas)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->
<!-- ![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JayDrojas&show_icons=true)   -->
<!-- ![GitHub streak stats](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JayDrojas)   -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JayDrojas"/> 
<p>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JayDrojas&show_icons=true"/> <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JayDrojas"/>
</p>

![Profile views](https://gpvc.arturio.dev/JayDrojas)
